take a lesson from Trevor Baynes win at
the Daytona 500 last year you don't need
to have the fanciest most expensive
equipment to win when it comes to bass
fishing it's the same story and this
boat will get you into the game
klaudia punch in the mid range
now we have the Optimax to struggle in
this boat of course right which gives
you a lot of that mid-range pump yep
these units are primarily sold with 50
60 and 75 horsepower engines go 75 is
the maximum for this book correct that's
correct
got to wonder how good is this all going
to take the waves let's try it out yeah
we got some waves right here let's hit
them
now when I was running this book
yesterday I came this close did 40 miles
an hour that is plenty of speed
absolutely
it won't win a drag race to your fishing
hole but it will take care of the needs
of those fishermen very nice now as I
understand it this boat has six
longitudinals that are actually welded
to every rib is that correct that's
correct and that must give the boat a
really solid structure absolutely it's
one of our best performing hulls very
very strong on an alumna boat it must be
tough to really get that strength and
rigidity in the keel of the boat how do
you do that here we actually have a full
length center keel that is extruded that
holds the two hull halves together and
there's a weld that's placed on each
side of it all the way from the transom
to the bow of the boat that helps make
sure that the boat holds together now
let's take a look at some of these welds
because of course in an aluminum boat
what could be more important than a well
sure we can see that they're feathered
nicely and there are no bubbles it's
really important you always want to look
for those bubbles make sure they aren't
there right that's right we use
certified welders at the facility to
make sure that we get aesthetically good
TIG welds
one of the nice things about the Stinger
175 is there's a lot of storage space in
fact there's almost 12 cubic feet of
storage in this boat in the foredeck we
have a large box right here there's a
nice rod box that holds rods up to 7
feet and there's a live well in the
center as well there's also quite a bit
of storage in the amp section of the
boat underneath the seats here you have
a live well with a liner for a bucket
right here here's the main live well
unfortunately the top hits the seat so
you can't leave it up then over here you
have a built-in tackle box and there's a
second built-in tackle box on the other
side so all your gear in a regular Plano
box drop it in leave it on the boat when
you want to run you guys seating for
three you can flip this seat down to
seat back here and it makes a nice step
bad to get back into the cockpit now if
there's anywhere that I see room for
improvement in the Stinger 175 it's in
the dash
it's a nice helm it's sturdy it's well
laid out but there's no room for any
additional electronics if you want to
add a more significant fish finder or a
GPS chartplotter
there's really just not room for it
anywhere
after reviewing the Stinger 175 I can
tell you one thing this might not be the
most expensive fanciest boat around but
it is enough to make you a competitor
you